Documenting Events <-> Runtime improvement (#78)
AdobeDocs/adobeio-events: webhook/runtime_webhooks.md

> 

Author: > Should we add TOC at the top like in other pages?

any place I can refer?

> 

Reviewer: Yes, @abhupadh look at almost every page has this!

> 

Reviewer 2: If you use visual studio code and the markdown plugin, it becomes very easy to add the toc.

> 

Reviewer 2: I still don't see the TOC.

> 

Reviewer 2: @abhupadh Please move the TOC below the title of the page. See how it's being done in other pages. Right now it feels out of place.

## Runtime Actions as Webhook

> Adobe I/O Runtime lets you create actions and set them up as webhook to incorporate custom responses to events in your applications. You can either create synchronous actions and use them as events integration webhook or for long-running async actions you can use the [journaling approach](https://adobeio-codelabs-journaling-events-adobedocs.hlx.page/?src=/README.html) for consuming events.

Reviewer 3: if you can call out this document is meant for webhook only not journaling, then would help the reader understand the overall context.

> Adobe I/O Runtime lets you create actions and set them up as webhook to incorporate custom responses to events in your applications. You can either create synchronous actions and use them as events integration webhook or for long-running async actions you can use the [journalling approach](https://adobeio-codelabs-journaling-events-adobedocs.hlx.page/?src=/README.html) for consuming events.

Reviewer: typo: journaling (not journalling; single 'l')

## Setting up Webhook Integration with Runtime Action

> The runtime cli will let you create runtime action and hook them with an integration via developer console. Read [here](https://www.adobe.io/apis/experienceplatform/runtime/docs.html#!adobedocs/adobeio-runtime/master/getting-started/setup.md) to setup your cli with runtime plugin which is required as pre-requisite.

Reviewer: Runtime cli (capital 'R')
Developer Console (capitalize)
Runtime plugin (capital 'R')

Author: Okay

- Go to `aio-cli` and create and deploy your user-action in your namespace. 
- Come back to developer console and you will see deployed runtime action in your namespace under the `User Defined Actions` section once you refresh.
- Now set up an event registration using the runtime action you just deployed. You would need to select option 2 (Runtime Action) in your `Configure event registration` page. Choose your runtime action from the dropdown and click `Save configured events`
- This will create an event registration with an event handler webhook pointing to your runtime action. 

## Benefits and Improvements using Runtime Action as Webhook

If your use-case suits having a runtime action that responds within a short time frame, we recommend using the webhook (SYNC based) approach to get the below mentioned benefits.

- [Built In Signature Verification](#built-in-signature-verification)
- Improved Debugging 
    - [Debug tracing shows your action response](#debug-tracing-shows-your-action-response)

>     - [Debug tracing shows activation ids for failed invocations](#debug-tracing-shows-activations-ids-for-failed-invocations)

Reviewer: This one link doesn't work (the others do work)

- [No more duplicate action invocations](#avoiding-duplicate-action-invocations)

### Built In Signature Verification

> From the security standpoint of webhook invocation, until now there was no way to verify that the event invocation requests to your publicly exposed runtime webhooks are coming from I/O Events and not any malicious user. But, now your runtime webhooks are made secure by being provided with an OOTB signature verification implementation that's working under the hood. So, basically whatever runtime action you use to create an event registration the webhook created due to that will place a signature validator action along with your action as in a [sequence](#https://github.com/AdobeDocs/adobeio-runtime/blob/master/reference/sequences_compositions.md). I/O Events signs the event payload with client's secret signature and pass them in request header to webhook. Whatever requests will come to your webhook will only invoke your business logic runtime action when the validator action successfully verifies that the correct signature has been passed to invoke your webhook.

Reviewer 2: Instead of saying what was missing, can we simply give the message that security comes out of the box with events runtime integration now.

> From the security standpoint of webhook invocation, until now there was no way to verify that the event invocation requests to your publicly exposed runtime webhooks are coming from I/O Events and not any malicious user. But, now your runtime webhooks are made secure by being provided with an OOTB signature verification implementation thats working under the hood. So, basically whatever runtime action you use to create an event registration the webhook created due to that will place a signature validator action along with your action as in a [sequence](#https://github.com/AdobeDocs/adobeio-runtime/blob/master/reference/sequences_compositions.md). I/O Events signs the event payload with client's secret signature and pass them in request header to webhook. Whatever requests will come to your webhook will only invoke your business logic runtime action when the validator action successfully verifies that the correct signature has been passed to invoke your webhook.

Reviewer: that's working (missing apostrophe)

### Debug Tracing Shows Your Action Response

> Debug tracing is a pretty important tool on Developer Console for users who want to be informed whether their webhook invocation is successful or not or what it responds. However, there was a gap in this feature wherein users could not know if their action has succeeded or what the action actually returned, until now. Users could only see an empty response body (as shown below) in the `Debug Tracing` response which was not a good user experience.  

Reviewer 2: - I would instead re-use the description in https://www.adobe.io/apis/experienceplatform/events/docs.html#!adobedocs/adobeio-events/master/support/tracing.md and add the link here as well.
- Also, **should we just document how to debug action responses in case something goes wrong, instead of what improved?** Thinking from an end-user perspective, I might not be that interested in what changed, but how to debug my runtime action is important. Documenting the improvements should ideally be part of something like "Release Notes/What's New" which we don't generally do. WDYT?

Reviewer 3: I have the same feedback. this is not a release notes or something that explains what has been fixed or enhanced. most people who come here are first time readers who want to understand what it does and how it works.

![Debug Tracing Webhook Response Old on Adobe Developer Console](../img/debug_tracing_webhook_response_before.png)

> Now, after setting up a runtime action as webhook, you can see your main action custom response for both success and failure cases in the `Debug Tracing` webhook response section as below.

Reviewer: You should document the most recent change you made just before your PTO (as discussed [here](https://adobeio.slack.com/archives/C6841FMPU/p1617228375088800?thread_ts=1616536045.029100&cid=C6841FMPU)), that if the user action returns a response, that response is shown in Debug Tracing

![Debug Tracing Webhook Response New on Adobe Developer Console](../img/debug_tracing_webhook_response_new.png)

> ### Debug Tracing Shows Activation Ids for Failed Invocations

Reviewer 2: Will review this and the below section later once you repurpose the PR @abhupadh.

Reviewer 3: same here

This is another major debugging issue users had to face due to missing activation ids for the activation that ran their runtime action. Until now

>  - User seeked information on what failed in his action code by using the `x-openwhisk-activation-id` returned in the webhook response header.

Reviewer: Pas tense of `seek` is `sought`

- Go to Developer Console and start creating an event registration
- Add [Runtime](https://www.adobe.io/apis/experienceplatform/console/docs.html#!AdobeDocs/adobeio-console/master/services-enable-runtime.md) to your project, this will create the required auth and runtime namespace for you.
- Go to `aio-cli` and create and deploy your user-action in your namespace. 
- Come back to Developer Console and you will see the deployed runtime action in your namespace under the `User Defined Actions` section. Refresh the page if you don't see the action.
- Now set up an event registration using the runtime action you just deployed. You would need to select the `Runtime Action` option in your `Configure event registration` page. Choose your runtime action from the dropdown and click `Save configured events`.
- This will create an event registration with an event handler webhook pointing to your runtime action. 

## Benefits of using Runtime Action as Webhook

- [Built In Signature Verification](#built-in-signature-verification)
- [Tracing Actions with Activation Ids](#tracing-actions-with-activation-ids)

### Built In Signature Verification

> With integration between I/O Events and Adobe I/O Runtime, your runtime actions as webhooks are made secure by being provided with an OOTB signature verification implementation that's working under the hood. So, basically whatever runtime action you use to create an event registration the handler webhook created due to that will place a signature validator action along with your action as in a [sequence](#https://github.com/AdobeDocs/adobeio-runtime/blob/master/reference/sequences_compositions.md). I/O Events signs the event payload with client's secret signature and pass them in request header to webhook. Whatever requests will come to your handler webhook will only invoke your business logic runtime action when the validator action successfully verifies that the correct signature has been passed to invoke your webhook.

Reviewer 2: For some reason, I don't see the sequence link getting rendered.

> With integration between I/O Events and Adobe I/O Runtime, your runtime actions as webhooks are made secure by being provided with an OOTB signature verification implementation that's working under the hood. So, basically whatever runtime action you use to create an event registration the handler webhook created due to that will place a signature validator action along with your action as in a [sequence](#https://github.com/AdobeDocs/adobeio-runtime/blob/master/reference/sequences_compositions.md). I/O Events signs the event payload with client's secret signature and pass them in request header to webhook. Whatever requests will come to your handler webhook will only invoke your business logic runtime action when the validator action successfully verifies that the correct signature has been passed to invoke your webhook.

Reviewer 2: Rewording suggestion -
```suggestion
With integration between I/O Events and Adobe I/O Runtime, you don't need to worry about security as your runtime actions configured as webhooks are secured with an out-of-the-box signature verification implementation. So, basically whatever runtime action you use to create an event registration, the handler webhook created due to that will place a signature validator action along with your action as in a [sequence](#https://github.com/AdobeDocs/adobeio-runtime/blob/master/reference/sequences_compositions.md). I/O Events signs the event payload with the client's secret signature and passes the signature as a request header while invoking your webhook. Your business logic runtime action will only be invoked once the validator action successfully verifies that the correct signature has been passed to invoke your webhook.
```

### Tracing Actions with Activation Ids

> [Debug Tracing](#https://www.adobe.io/apis/experienceplatform/events/docs.html#!adobedocs/adobeio-events/master/support/tracing.md) is a pretty important tool on Developer Console for users who want to be informed whether their runtime action invocation is successful or not or what it responds.

Reviewer 2: Again use relative path for the link here and see if it is getting rendered in git. This will validate the link that you are using.
